well CGR viewers this is gabe from
undertow and today's review marks my
final day at classic game room before I
head off to college I decided to do a
game that liked my upcoming experiences
completely new to me the gauntlet series
has become a classic hack and slash er
with tons of pop-culture references in
both movies and television shows and I
thought that it would be great to give
this one a try before I head out I was
pleasantly surprised to find that the
game is a difficult but rewarding
experience that has a great old-school
feel to it this is gauntlet Dark Legacy
for the GameCube gauntlet Dark Legacy
was originally an arcade game before
getting ported to different home
consoles and it feels like it you start
off by choosing any color of a variety
of character classes like Archer and a
dwarf who looks like mr. t and junior
high you're then sent into a level as
you progress through waves of enemies
and collect items like keys to help you
make it to the end unlike more modern
Western RPGs Dark Legacy is a game that
really feels like it wants you to play
in short spurts emphasized by it's sort
of drop in gameplay style instead of
trying to play for hours and hours at a
time throughout each level there are
also little Scrolls of paper that give
you vague hints of what's to come and
this adds a fun tension to the
experience along with this sort of
stripped down RPG style at Dark Legacy
uses it also features a fairly simple
control scheme the a button is for a
weaker attack and the Y button uses a
stronger attack while access for magic
and B is for a block that's really
really hard to use different abilities
can be earned by finding them throughout
levels and choosing where and when to
use each one is easily the best part of
the experience the game can get a tad
button mashie at times but boss fights
especially when you're using the
sorceress like I was usually require you
to do some kiting so you won't get
absolutely destroyed
in addition pieces of food are scattered
throughout the level to raise your
health in tough situations the game can
go from being fairly easy to extremely
tough in a matter of seconds and busting
up barrels and opening chests to find a
piece of fruit or a steak also adds to
the excitement
however poison food items and explosives
are available and these can be a pretty
big middle finger to you if you're
desperate for some health but hey that's
kind of what old-school games are about
for a GameCube game gone with Dark
Legacy doesn't exactly amazed with the
dividuals the camera angle it uses
doesn't allow really for that much
detail to be thrown in but the graphics
still do the job audio is a little
suggestive especially with a specific
character and the music is excellent it
also features some classic lines that
fans the series and even some who aren't
will recognize gauntlet Dark Legacy
shows that you don't need to make a hack
and slash game super complex to make it
entertaining I expected to enjoy the
game but I didn't expect for it to be
just as addictive as it was it's always
nice to find an older gaming gem that
you missed from the last generation well
that's it for me guys this is gabe from
classic game room take care
game over